Hey
That's how you know your father and sister
I don't think it will work.
They wept and confessed
A man who swore to reform
Did Liu Xinyuan tell you?
He was seriously ill.
I can't go see your mother
Hmm, that's not right.
There must have been another trick to my mother's death tonight
What are you thinking about?
I'm thinking this country is easy to change
Nature is hard to change
I'm afraid people like them will turn against you
They are all related to me by blood
It's because of blood
So you can't get too close.
They're still asking us to have dinner tomorrow
Do you look down on them?
It's what they do.
I can't believe them.
Why can't you let go of your prejudices?
I care about you so I don't want them to hurt you.
Won't you hurt me like this?
Where are you going to sleep in your room?
Sleep in separate rooms today
We just got together for a few weeks and have to sleep in separate beds
Divide
Hello daylight saving
Help me investigate the meteor shower yeah